Hey ChatGPT, I am now going to, you know, end my Goldman Sachs internship. So, I want to make a final intern presentation now. I will be explaining you the problem statement and the maximum in-depth things that I know about my project. And then, I need you to make seven, eight good title slides for me, slide content for me. And by content, I do not mean textual content. I want good flowchart diagrams, right? Because nobody wants to see a text in a PPT. Good diagrams are nice. Then I can just have, just, you know, inspiring diagrams, not, right? You get it. So, my project is like, I'll tell you first, why do we need the project that I'm doing. So, what used to happen is, we have so much semi-structured data present in Lakehouse, right? The semi-structured data imported from any functional database, which is a DynamoDB, to my analytical database, which is my Lakehouse, right? It is being ingested in Lakehouse in semi-structured format, right? Now, that is of no use to me. What can I do with it is, I can analyze its schemas, the schema of semi-structured data, and turn it into structured tables, well-modeled structured tables, right? What will happen is, so here there are two complexities. First is deciding the schema of the structured tables. Second is normalizing them. Because let's say there is a list inside a list. Then converting that to a table is difficult. So, what we'll do is, we'll convert them to two tables, a parent table and a child table. In that way, I mean normalizing. So, yeah. After we normalize, what do we want to do is, we want to extract information out of it. And how do we extract information out of it? We'll generate materialized view for it. By materialized view...
Yeah, so where I left was materialized views. So by materialized views, what I mean is, I'll be generating pure code with respect to my relational normalized tables that I have built. What will happen is, when I'll run those pure code in my lake house, I'll be able to get those tables in lake house ready to use and query. So this objective of mine is being, you know, all this work was being done before as well, but the whole pipeline was manual, right? So what do we wanna do is we wanna make it, what do we wanna do is, we wanna make it automated. How do we make it automated? So I build a VS Code extension that take some things from the user, like the GitLab repository that contains the schema of DynamoDB tables, right? And the GitLab repository that contains the schema of Lakehouse tables, right? What happens is, my agent will analyze both these data and will make normalized tables out of this data, right? The thing is, in Lakehouse, the data is present in this format, like column number one, we have the date on which the data is ingested, and we have a JSON blob. JSON blob, I mean, right, a chunk of JSON, that's it. Number two, we have the date, and we have a JSON blob, right? So what's inside that JSON blob is clearly mentioned in my data model repos, which is my DynamoDB schemas. Cool. So we wanna know what's inside those JSON blobs, right? Only then we'll be able to normalize them. So the user will be giving these two things. After that, he'll be, he will also be able to give some use case. Let's say, for example, what do I mean by use cases? The user has a particular question that he wants to get answered, right? And let's say, for answering that particular question, we need to join two tables or maybe more than two tables. So what do we do? We are helpless here, right? We have the data with us, and still we are helpless, we cannot query it. I mean, we will not get the answer to that question. So what the user will do, the user will provide its business context as in a particular format, which is a given-when-then format, right? And the agent will analyze and will perform the necessary joins and will create mat views for those tables as well. So it is a one place thing where the user can provide its repos, its use cases, and the user will be getting those tables out of the semi-structured data, which he can query, and it's good to go, right? And I'll tell you the future scope as well. What the future scope is, now we have structured data and we have mat views with us. What we can do is, we can generate, and we have the lake house data product with us, right? Lake house data product, we have added the access point as well and hosted it on Legend Marketplace in parallel environment. So, yeah, we have the lake house data product with us. What we can do is, we can add descriptions to each column, do the mappings, do the associations with it, and finally generate a Alloy data product which can be onboarded to my Legend AI. Which can be onboarded to my Legend AI, and anybody can just write a query to Legend AI in natural language. And what Legend AI will do is, it will generate a subsequent pure query behind it, and that pure query will get executed on my materialized views that I have created. So, it's pretty much like a ChatGPT of our own, right? Now you are allowed to generate the slides. And, you know, just wrap it up in seven, eight slides. The slides should be good, catchy, diagram-wise. It should have a good heading like, what was the problem, what's the solution, how, when, right? It should be good.